Add Docs for the new ElasticSearch sink features (#11602)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/io-elasticsearch-sink.md

The ElasticSearch sink connector pulls messages from Pulsar topics and persists the messages to indexes.

> ## Schema Aware vs Raw processing
> 
> Since Pulsar 2.9.0 this sink has two main ways of working:
> - Raw processing: the Sink reads from the topic and passes the raw content to ElasticSearch
> - Schema Aware: the Sink uses the Schema and handles AVRO,JSON and KeyValue schema types while mapping the content to the ES document
> 
> The default behavior is 'raw processing', as it was in Pulsar up to 2.8.x.
> 
> When you configure `schemaEnable` to `true` the Sink interprets the contents of the Message and you can define a **primary key**
> that in turn is used as the special `_id` field on ElasticSearch.
> 
> This allows you to perform UPDATE, INSERT and DELETE operations to ElasticSearch driven by the logical primary key of the message.
> This is very useful in a typical Change Data Capture scenario in which you follow the changes on your Database, write them to Pulsar (using the Debezium adapter for instance)
> and then you write to ElasticSearch.
> 
> You configure the mapping of the primary key using the `primaryFields` configuration entry.
> 
> The DELETE operation can be performed when the primary key is not empty and the remaining value is empty. Use the `nullValueAction`
> to configure this behaviour. The default configuration simply ignores such empty values.
> 
> ## Mapping multiple indexes
> 
> Since 2.9.0 the `indexName` property is no more required and if you omit it the Sink will write to an index named after the Pulsar topic name.
> 
> ## Enable Bulk Writes
> 
> Since 2.9.0 you can use Bulk writes by setting the `bulkEnabled` property to `true`.
> 
> ## Enable secure connections via TLS
> 
> Since 2.9.0 you can use configure secure connections with TLS. Check the documentation below.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Feature 

### Handle data
		
Since Pulsar 2.9.0, the ElasticSearch sink connector has the following ways of
working. You can choose one of them.

Name | Description
---|---|
Raw processing | The sink reads from topics and passes the raw content to ElasticSearch. <br><br> This is the **default** behavior. <br><br> Raw processing is available **up to Pulsar 2.8.x**.
Schema aware | The sink uses the schema and handles AVRO, JSON, and KeyValue schema types while mapping the content to the ElasticSearch document.<br><br> If you set `schemaEnable` to `true`, the sink interprets the contents of the message and you can define a **primary key** that in turn used as the special `_id` field on ElasticSearch.
<br><br> This allows you to perform `UPDATE`, `INSERT`, and `DELETE` operations
to ElasticSearch driven by the logical primary key of the message.<br><br> This
is very useful in a typical Change Data Capture scenario in which you follow the
changes on your database, write them to Pulsar (using the Debezium adapter for
instance), and then you write to ElasticSearch.<br><br> You configure the
mapping of the primary key using the `primaryFields` configuration
entry.<br><br>The `DELETE` operation can be performed when the primary key is
not empty and the remaining value is empty. Use the `nullValueAction` to
configure this behaviour. The default configuration simply ignores such empty
values.
		
### Map multiple indexes
		
Since Pulsar 2.9.0, the `indexName` property is no more required. If you omit it, the sink writes to an index name after the Pulsar topic name.
		
### Enable bulk writes
		
Since Pulsar 2.9.0, you can use bulk writes by setting the `bulkEnabled` property to `true`.
		
### Enable secure connections via TLS
		
Since Pulsar 2.9.0, you can enable secure connections with TLS.  

```
do you mean this? pls correct if I'm wrong

Author: very good thanks

|------|----------|----------|---------|-------------|
| `elasticSearchUrl` | String| true |" " (empty string)| The URL of elastic search cluster to which the connector connects. |
| `indexName` | String| true |" " (empty string)| The index name to which the connector writes messages. |
| `schemaEnable` | Boolean | false | false | Turn on the Schema Aware mode. |
| `createIndexIfNeeded` | Boolean | false | false | Manage index if missing. |

> | `maxRetries` | Integer | false | 1 | The maximum number of retries for elasticsearch requests. Use -1 to disable it.  |

Reviewer: ElasticSearch
Please check all

Reviewer 2: If you look at the Elasticsearch repo, the code, the doc always uses Elasticsearch, not ElasticSearch.

Reviewer: Oh yes, sorry my bad, it should be `Elasticsearch`

Author: fixed all occurrences

> | `retryBackoffInMs` | Integer | false | 100 | The base time in milliseconds to wait when retrying an elasticsearch request. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `retryBackoffInMs` | Integer | false | 100 | The base time to wait when retrying an ElasticSearch request (in milliseconds). |
```
Better to include units at the end w/ parenthese, which makes the info more clear. If agree, please update all.

> | `maxRetryTimeInSec` | Integer| false | 86400 | The maximum retry time interval in seconds for retrying an elasticsearch request.. |

Reviewer: duplicate periods

Author: done

| `bulkEnabled` | Boolean | false | false | Enable the elasticsearch bulk processor to flush write requests based on the number or size of requests, or after a given period. |
| `bulkActions` | Integer | false | 1000 | The maximum number of actions per elasticsearch bulk request. Use -1 to disable it. |

> | `bulkSizeInMb` | Integer | false |5 | The maximum size in megabytes of elasticsearch bulk requests.Use -1 to disable it. |

Reviewer: add a black before "Use -1 ..."

Author: done

| `bulkConcurrentRequests` | Integer | false | 0 | The maximum number of in flight elasticsearch bulk requests. The default 0 allows the execution of a single request. A value of 1 means 1 concurrent request is allowed to be executed while accumulating new bulk requests. |

> | `bulkFlushIntervalInMs` | Integer | false | -1 | The bulk flush interval flushing any bulk request pending if the interval passes. Default is -1 meaning not set. |

Reviewer: what's the meaning of `The bulk flush interval flushing any bulk request pending if the interval passes.`? can you rewrite this sentence?

Author: I have reworded the sentence PTAL

| `compressionEnabled` | Boolean | false |false | Enable elasticsearch request compression. |
| `connectTimeoutInMs` | Integer | false |5000 | The elasticsearch client connection timeout in milliseconds. |
| `connectionRequestTimeoutInMs` | Integer | false |1000 | The time in milliseconds for getting a connection from the elasticsearch connection pool. |
| `connectionIdleTimeoutInMs` | Integer | false |5 | Idle connection timeout to prevent a read timeout. |

> | `keyIgnore` | Boolean | false |true | Whether to ignore the record key to build the Elasticsearch document _id. If primaryFields is defined, the connector extract the primary fields from the payload to build the document _id. If no primaryFields are provided, elasticsearch auto generates a random document _id. |

Reviewer: add backticks for _id? (for example,`_id`?)

Author: sure. good idea
